Taxicab Geometry
================

Points: To create a point, select the Point Tool (.) and click on the drawing
area. To move a point, click and drag it. To delete a point, right click it.

Lines: To create a line, select the Line Tool (/), then click on either an
existing point or somewhere else in the drawing area and drag the end point to
the desired location. The end point may be placed over an existing point and the
line will attach to it.

Circles: To create a circle, select the Circle Tool (Circle), then click on
either an existing point or somewhere else in the drawing area and drag the
radius point to the desired location. The radius point may be placed over an
existing point and the circle will attach to it.

Ellipses: To create an ellipse, select the Ellipse Tool (Ellipse), then click on
either an existing point or somewhere else in the drawing area to create the
first focus. Click somewhere else (on existing points will work) to create the
second focus, and drag to determine the size of the ellipse. Green lines show
which points are the foci of the ellipse.

Midpoints: To create a midpoint, select the Midpoint Tool (Midpoint), then click
on a line. The midpoint will appear on it as a regular point which can be
attached to, though it can't be moved unless the endpoints of the line move.

Midsets: To display all points equidistant from two points, select the Midset
Tool (Midset), then click the first point. Click the second point to finish. The
midset will appear in blue.

Perpendiculars: To create a midset through a point, select the Perpendicular
Tool (Perp), then click the line and drag to place a point. The perpendicular
will appear in blue.

Parallels: To create a parallel line through a point, select the Parallel Tool
(||), then click the line and drag to place a point. The parallel will appear as
an infinite line.

Parabolas: To create a parabola, select the Parabola Tool (Parabola), then
either click on an existing point or click to create a new one. Click and drag
to create a line or select an existing line to finish. The parabola will appear
in blue.

Hyperbolas: To create a hyperbola, select the Hyperbola Tool(Hyperbola), then
either click on an existing point or click to create a new one to be the first
focus. Click and drag to either select or create the second focus and the point
determining the hyperbola to finish. The hyperbola will appear in blue. Green
lines show which points are foci of the hyperbola.

Bisections: To display an angle bisector, select the Bisect Tool (Bisect), then
click a point on one ray, then the vertex, then a point on the second ray. The
angle bisector will appear in blue.

Minimum Distance: To dislay the area of minimum distance between two or more
points, select the Minimum Distance Tool (Min Dist), then click the points, and
when finished, click "FINISH". The area will appear as a shaded region if there
are an even number of points and as a spot if there are an odd number of points.
The points associated with the minimum distance area are colored to match the
area. If a point is associated with more than one area, it is colored based on
the most recent area it has been associated with.

Additionally: Click "CLEAR" to clear the drawing area.
